		
	Lokasenna_GUI 1.0

-------------------------
	Change log:

April 7/17
- Fixed a few Slider bugs
- Ctrl+dragging will now offer more precision for Sliders with more than
  150 steps
- Added Slider parameters: show_handles, show_values, output, cap_x, cap_y
  (see Slider.lua's comments)
- Added/fixed the horizontal (dir = "h") mode for Checklists and Radios.
- 'Example - General demonstration.lua' now shows the use of 'output' 
  parameters for the knob and one of the sliders
- Added 'READ ME - Building classes.txt' for anyone who's interested
- More comments here and there

-------------------------

This library is intended to provide an easy-to-use base for building a GUI 
for Reaper scripts, since ReaScript doesn't offer any GUI tools on its own.

All of the main logic is handled in Core.lua. It's technically the only included 
file necessary to use Lokasenna_GUI - for instance, if you wanted to use 
your own GUI elements rather than the ones I've put together. Don't worry,
I won't be offended if you do.


A basic GUI script would look like this...


1. Load Core.lua and whatever class libraries you want to use. Feel free to use
requires(), loadfile(), or whatever else you want.

	loadfile("Core.lua")()
	loadfile("Classes\\Label.lua")()

Everything is stored in a table called 'GUI'.


2. Give the window a name, position, and dimensions.

	GUI.name = "My script's window"
	GUI.x, GUI.y = 0, 0
	GUI.w, GUI.h = 256, 96
	
If you'd like, you can also specify GUI.anchor and GUI.corner to have the
window open in a location relative to either the screen or the mouse. The most
obvious use for this would be to have the window centered on the mouse cursor:

	GUI.anchor, GUI.corner = "mouse", "C"
	
	(For more detail, see the comments for GUI.get_window_pos() in Core.lua)
	
In this case, GUI.x and GUI.y will be used as offset values.


3. Create all of your GUI elements.

	GUI.New(name,	class,	z,	x,	y, ...class-specific parameters... )

	name		Any string that would be legal as a table key
	class		The type of element (i.e. "Label")
	
	z			The element's 'depth', or 'layer' if you're familiar with apps
				like Photoshop. Lower numbers are closer to the user, 1 being
				the highest, and higher numbers are farther away.
				
				Any value up to 1023 is allowed, although most elements will
				need one to work with internally for blitting themselves. The
				elements start with layer 1023 and work backward as they're
				created, so it's strongly encouraged to limit yourself to a
				small range - say 1 to 20 - unless you need more.
	
				On each update loop, elements are checked for user input from
				the "top" down; that is, lower z values will be checked first.
				If an element detects input, the loop is broken there so nothing
				beneath it will be triggered.
				
				Elements are then drawn from the bottom up, for obvious reasons.
				
				When redrawing, elements (or at least, the included classes) will
				blit from their internal z layers when possible to save on CPU
				
				z layers can be hidden, or simply frozen so that they won't accept
				input from the user, and elements can be moved from one layer to
				another.
				
	x,y			I really shouldn't have to explain these. All of the included
				classes put their top-left corner at x,y , aside from some of the
				captions.
				
	See the individual class .luas for documentation on their parameters.
	
	
4. Initialize the script window, and a bunch of internal stuff.

	GUI.Init()
	
5. Start the main loop.

	GUI.Main()


That's it. You have a window, with things in it, so all you need to worry about
is making the things do what you want them to.

Notes:

- Core.lua includes a whole bunch of additional functions for you to use; font
presets, color presets, text functions, drawing functions, math functions, an
espresso machine... all sorts of stuff.

- There are several Example scripts included with the library - these can be 
run in Reaper, and demonstrate some of the typical things a script GUI might 
need to do. 

- See 'READ ME - Building classes.txt' for details on how to, duh, build your
own classes.

I've tried to be as thorough as possible with comments, but please let me know
if you come across a function or concept that doesn't seem to be explained well.
I'll find somewhere to stuff in a few extra paragraphs, never fear.